---
share: "true"
---

## The world
This story takes place on the island of Velandra. A island nested between two large continents. West of Velandra lies the continent known as Aethunar, known for it's ethereal magic and ancient allure. East of Velandra lies the continent known as Praxidon. Praxidon has very little ancient magic, but they make up for it with mechanisation and practical applications. 

## Velandra
Velandra is known for many things. First of all it is known for trade. A lot of it's landmass is taken up by farmland and forests, with only a few cities and villages existing on the island. Due to it's unique location their harvests are bountiful and plentiful. Seeing as their population is relatively low, they export most of their foods to both of the continents. Some of these products are well known around the world and highly praised, such as Velandra Mead and Velandra steak.
Besides trading their own grown goods, Velandra acts as a trading hub between the two larger continents. This is why three of it's largest cities (Vinxa , Renama and [Paidwarwa](./Paidwarwa.md)) are ports scattered around the south of the island. 

Besides the trading, Velandra is known for it's unique culture as well. People from all over the world work and live here. It is a weird blend of many different cultures and religions. It is not uncommon to find churches dedicated to opposing deities on the same street of large cities. Speaking of cities, the capitol (Sintralvei) is located in the north of the island. It's population isn't as large as the port cities, but due to the importance and wealth of the individuals living there you can find large stone mansions with well decorated courtyards filled to the brim with magnificent statues carved out of even stranger materials.

20 years ago a terrible fog started to emerge from the south of the island. Ever since that moment most of the island has been covered in the green purple fog, poisoning and killing everything it meets.... Everything but large area's around the weird tree's planted 200 years ago by a now forgotten wizard. You for one reason or another found yourself in the city of [Paidwarwa](./Paidwarwa.md), one of the three ports Velandra has. A few weeks ago your tree dropped down a single fruit, and that single fruit contained a single seed. With the help of [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) the seed was turned into a small sapling in a matter of days. You now find yourselves in the town hall. It was only two days ago that the major announced that a competition would be held for any person in the town, to select a small group of people who would be worthy of carrying the sapling and taking the journey to the nearby town of Nafingani. 