---
share: "true"
---

# Prologue
[Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) stood still at the docks, eyeing the dark purple and green fog that lay as a blanket surrounding the city. He could still remember the dreadful week that started this nearly 20 years ago. 
It began with sailors reporting a dark purple and green fog coming from the south. Scouts were send towards [Renama](./Renama.md) and tracked from there to the most southern point of [Velandra](./Velandra.md). It took them a day but they confirmed what the sailors said, something dark was indeed heading for the island. [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) was summoned along with other experts to come to [Sintralvei](./Sintralvei.md), the capital of the island. Yet as he was about to embark disaster would strike again. 
As he arrived at the teleportation circle, a member of the [Transportation Guild](./Transportation%20Guild.md) walked through it. Or walking is not the right word, the person collapsed as soon as they came through. Other members of the [Transportation Guild](./Transportation%20Guild.md) went over there to help but to no avail. All the dying man could do is whisper a few words to his colleagues before passing away. The guild demanded to be given some time and space to deal with what was going on. They were supposed to start up the circles in a few hours, but when the guards checked on them later they were all gone. Disappeared without a trace of them ever being in [Paidwarwa](./Paidwarwa.md) in the first place. 
People were starting to panic on the next day. A ship overfilled with people set sail towards [Aethunar](./Aethunar.md) that morning, hoping to outspeed the fog. Unfortunately that didn't happen. People arrived from [Renama](./Renama.md) as well, seeking refuge. A day later it was even worse. People loaded up carts with as much of their belonging as they could, trying to flee more north. Not [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md), when asked he simply said: "I don't think there is a point of running anymore." A day later [Paidwarwa](./Paidwarwa.md) was surrounded by the fog. It strangely didn't come any closer, but became so thick you couldn't see more than five steps into it. And that is how it would remain till the current day. 
People tried all sorts of things to get through, but nothing seems to be working. [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) was the one to figure out that it had to do with a tree that was planted a long long time ago. but in all that time the tree had never dropped a seed. [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) let out a loud sigh. "I miss the sea"... He turned around and started to walk along the coast, when he saw a errand boy from the mayor standing around. When the boy spotted [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) he started waving energetically and ran towards old [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md). "Very important message form the mayor mr tortle sir", the boy said, holding out a package. "Important? So important he couldn't let an old man finish his walk?" [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) replied, being very annoyed with the new mayor who obviously didn't understand the importance of an unbothered morning walk. "You tell that mayor that" [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) started off his sentence, as he paused when he opened the package. He couldn't believe his eyes. "You... You... You tell that mayor I I I will be right there." Inside the package was something [Coedenwych](./Coedenwych.md) had never seen before, yet he was sure what it was. A seed from their tree.